[Narrator] Last
Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Danger closed in upon Planet
Namek from the skies above--
Frieza's reinforcements!
And with time running out,
Krillin, Vegeta, and Gohan
forged an uneasy alliance.
Elsewhere, Frieza stood by,
as his most elite team
of warriors made their
grand entrance.
We are the Ginyu Force!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[Frieza] Ah, yes,
well done Ginyus...
A pleasure to
see you, as always.
Thank you, Lord Frieza.
We always aim to please...
I assume you have a special
mission in mind for us?
That traitor Vegeta has
stolen and run off with
the Dragon Balls that I've been
working ever
so hard to collect.
Your "mission," is to
find him, subdue him,
and then bring him to
me. Then we'll see
if I can't "persuade" him to
tell me where he's hidden them.
Ah, well if that's all it
is, it's as good as done.
Our scouters are already
tracking his location.
He's actually on the move
not too far from here.
And in a hurry from
the looks of it.
Is there something wrong?
It seems Vegeta's not
traveling alone...
He has two others with him,
both with fairly substantial
power levels...
Really...? Ah... it must be
those same little pests
who interfered with us before..
So they have been working
together all this time.
What do we do with them?
I don't care. Have fun.
As you wish... They should make
good sport for my men.
Lord Frieza,
we brought those new
top-of-the-line scouters
you ask for...
Good. Excellent work.
♪ military snare drum ♪
It's Showtime, men!
Hut-hut-hut!
Read-y-y-y-y-y-y...?!
Hut-hut-hut-hut-hu
ut-hut! Let's go!
Ginyu! Force!
Yeah!
[Vegeta] The Ginyus
are on the move...
And they're gaining...!
Hurry! There's no time!
[Computer] Now beginning final
approach to Planet Namek...
Touchdown in twenty minutes.
It was nice of King Kai to
send me some new clothes,
but he didn't need
to send this many!
So there's someone even stronger
than Vegeta down there...
Hang on, guys... I'm coming.
Ten more minutes.
Strange, though... I don't
feel scared or nervous...
If anything, I'm
perfectly calm...
I know what's waiting for
me, but still I feel...
I feel nothing.
Maybe training in all
that intense gravity
knocked a screw
loose or something.
They're right down there!
Now they're mine!
Hello, Vegeta.
Hi mate.
Long time no see.
[Group laughter]
Damn it...! A few more steps
and we were there!
I don't suppose that would
be a Dragon Ball...
you're holding there?
An' lookee here...
We got five more just like it.
Seems we've made
quite the score.
Frieza should be pleased...
The idea is to collect seven of
these things, is that right...?
So, we've got five,
you've got two...
I'm no mathematician, but I'd
say that adds up nicely.
[group laughter]
You are a genius.
[Krillin] Vegeta wasn't
kidding--
I wouldn't last two seconds
against these guys!
Their power's incredible!
This guy in front--
his power makes the rest
of 'em seem like kittens!
What...! You think I'm just
going to hand this over?
Forget it!
[Krillin] Well, this
one doesn't seem
like he's all that
tough, at least.
So, how'd he get mixed in with
the rest of these brutes?
Stay back...! I can't handle
your stench.
Why you--!
Don't try and get
greedy on us, Guldo...
I don't think we ever decided
this was your kill, now did we?
Look, Vegeta, just
give us the ball...
We're still gonna kill ya no
matter what you do,
so how 'bout it...?
Be a sport.
Question...! These fancy
new scouters of yours,
they aren't equipped to track
Dragon Balls, are they?
What if they're not?
Then-- you lose!
Welcome back.
Miss me?
Wha--?!
[group laughter]
H- How can...
anyone be that fast?
I suppose you thought you
were being clever...?
I guess you forgot... When
it comes to raw speed,
Burter is the fastest
in the universe.
Now then... The other one.
Destroy it!
Wait, where'd it go?
What the--?
So, it seems the rumors
are true after all.
What are you talking about?
What rumors?
That fat little blob...
somehow, he has the power to
slow down or stop time at will!
[laughing]
But that's... impossible.
Don't be so sure there, buddy.
Now that we've got that
business out of the way...
I say it's time we
had some fun...
Let's show our friends
here a good time.
And when he says
"a good time"...
he doesn't mean we're
gonna play dress-up
and braid each other's
hair... uh-uh...
He means we're
gonna murder you!
Did you really need
to explain that!
So what now...? Are we really
gonna fight these guys?
I think you've already seen
that we can't outrun them...
It's best that we
all stand together.
From what I saw of your
abilities on Earth,
I doubt the two of you
will be worth much.
But it's better than nothing.
I'll take Vegeta myself...
The rest of you can do
rock-paper-scissors
or something to figure out who
gets the two little ones.
--Awwww please,
--Be real Captain, you gotta
be kidding! We always get stuck
--that's so dumb!
--with the little guys.
It's not fair!
You took all the good
kills last time, too!
C'mon, it's our turn
to have some fun!
Fine... Fair is fair...
In that case...
I'll take the Dragon Balls
back to Lord Frieza,
and explain the situation...
You boys can sort the
rest out on your own.
Woo-hoo! All right!
Who's the greatest captain
in the universe?!
You...! Ginyu rules!
Okay, then the winner will get
Vegeta...And for second place...
The rest... Make 'em a set.
Good...let's go.
Ginyus ready!
Rock, paper, scissors!
Tie! Go again...!
Are you sure we shouldn't
try to run away now?
Yeah!.. I win!
I get Vegeta! (ha ha!)
And I get the runts.
Oh well... It's better than
nothing though, right?
I'll tell ya what Guldo...
Once I've had my fun,
you can finish 'em off.
Now if you'll excuse me,
Lord Frieza has a date
with immortality.
No...! I won't let you have 'em!
Calm down...! You can't afford
to waste your energy...
Let him go for now, and focus
on beating these goons.
We have to get past them
before anything else.
You...Come here a minute.
Aw, look...
They're makin' a plan.
Don't let Guldo's ridiculous
looks fool you...
He lacks power,
but his psychic abilities
will make him dangerous.
So keep your guard up.
Right.
Now, is it true that you came
to this planet on your own?
Kakarot didn't come with you?
No, just us... But he is on his
way. He'll be here soon.
Soon isn't good enough...!
We need him here now...!
As much as I can't stand him,
having him with us would
help even the odds.
[Gohan] Why did we ever come
to this planet?
Nothing's gone the way
we thought it would.
We couldn't get
the Dragon Balls,
and now some bad guy's about
to get eternal life...!
We can't just let
'em win, can we?!
So who's first... Here, Guldo,
why don't you take the honors?
Right... You just want me
to clear out the runts
so the big boys can play...
Some honor. Thanks buddy.
Quit messing around, and let's
get this over with!
Hey Gohan...
You remember that image training
we did back on the spaceship?
Yeah... I'm with you.
Aww, well...
This should at least be fun for
a second or two, I guess...
Okay. Ready?
Fire it up! Now!
[screaming]
Uh... What just happened?
You wish.
Freeze!
[Guldo] Lousy punks... They're
gone!
W-Where are they...?
Ha...! Now I see
'em! Over there!
They got pretty far.
Quick little buggers.
Ok now I just... damn it...
I'm running out of breath...!
Well, whadda ya
know 'bout that...
Guess they've got some
fight in 'em after all.
Yeah... They're reading
much higher now...
Looks like they can raise and
lower their power levels
without transforming.
What a weird species.
You got some freaky little
friends there, huh, Vegeta!
Unbelievable... Their speed
and power are worlds beyond
what they were when I fought
them back on Earth... but...
Nice moves there, Gohan...
Wow... It's like you're
just gettin' stronger by the
minute there, aren't ya.
Well, I don't know about that,
but the power-up I got from the
Grand Elder sure did help!
Still though...
I'm not as fast as this
guy--he's way over there!
Yeah, he must've done
that time-stop thing...
Let's go again!
Right!
Th-They disappeared!
Stop!
Time Freeze!
Gah! They were right on top of
me damn it!
Wait a second. Why in
the heck am I running?
I can take care of both
of 'em right now--
starting with that brat kid!
Oh crap!
Over there!
Ka..me..ha..me..Ha!!
[explosions]
We missed...! Damn it, we
almost had him that time!
C'mon, get it together Guldo!
Stop messing around...!
For real, you're starting
to make us look bad!
Yeah...! He's Right...!
You stink...!
If you can't beat these little
pests then we're gonna have
to give some serious thought
to kickin' you off the team!
At the very least,
we'll make you sit at the
kiddie table for lunch!
W-Wait...! They caught me by
surprise, that's all...!
But now that I
know their moves,
I'm gonna finish 'em
both off, right now!
There... He's distracted...
Now's our chance, Gohan!
Right!
Whoa! Here they come!
Shaa...! Time to bust out
my secret weapon!
[yelling]
[Krillin] W-What happened? Why'd
we stop?
[Gohan] I-I can't move! It's
like I'm frozen!
[laughing] That's my Paralysis
Spell...!
You're not gonna move
'til I decide to let you go.
Looks like all that fire you
had before just went out...
Whoop-see!
[laughing] Guldo must really be
feelin' the pressure
if he's bustin' out the big
guns... He hardly ever
uses his paralysis trick
unless he gets in trouble.
And against these little wimps.
No doubt.
[laughing] Now I'm gonna show
you what happens
when you embarrass me
in front of the boys.
[screaming]
[laughing]
[Guldo] Uh-oh! Here comes a
big ol' scary stick!
You better move out of the way
or you're gonna get skewered!
C'mon hurry--
it's getting closer!
[struggling]
[Vegeta] Idiots...
What were they thinking?
Even after I told
them how dangerous
Guldo's psychic powers were...
they still went charging
in like fools!
Hey...! What's the
matter...?! Do something...!
It's not even moving fast--
are you really gonna let it
get you? How embarrassing!
Oh, what's that you say...?
You still can't move...?
Aww... Then I guess one of
you's just gonna get stuck--
how 'bout you in the
orange jumpsuit...
I'll think of something
even more ridiculous
to finish the kid.
[struggling]
Hey Gohan... If you're gonna
break loose, now'd be the time!
Sorry, I can't...! My whole
body's still frozen stiff!
[laughing]
Here it comes!
[lightning sound]
Whoa! Close one!
[gurgling]
Damn it, Vegeta. No fair!
This... This was
supposed to be a fight
between me and those
runts. Just us!
I believe those were your rules.
I never agreed to follow them.
All is fair in war, Guldo.
You should know that by now.
[gasp] Never would I have
guessed I'd go down like this...
...not in a million years.
Killed by a damn saiyan.
Oh this really is embarrassing.
[Vegeta] Well you won't have to
feel that way for long.
[screams]
[explosion]
Can't believe I'm saying this
but, we owe you one, Vegeta.
Yeah, thanks.
Dhh. Keep your thanks.
Do you think I care whether the
two of you live or die?
I saw an opportunity to
strike, and I took it.
It's that simple. Saving you
had nothing to do with it.
Now, pull yourselves
together... This isn't over...
and we won't get
lucky a second time.
What tha hell?!
You seeing this?!
Damn Guldo went
and got himself killed!
Whoa... This is bad!
Yeah, right, without Guldo...
that means our trademark
Ginyu Force fighting pose
is gonna be all outta whack!
Recoome!
Burter!
Jeice!
We are the Ginyu Force!
Yup... I knew it,
the balance is all off...
The Captain's not gonna
be happy about this...
We worked real hard
on that pose...
Now he's gonna have to
come up with a new one!
That's later...! Right now,
we need to pick who's
gonna step in for Guldo
and finish off these
little runts.
I still got Vegeta.
All right, Jeice! You n' me!
Rock-paper-scissors!
You're on!
And... go!
Rock, paper, scissors! Tie!
Go again...! Tie! Go again...!
Crazy... What's with
these guys...?
It's all just one
big game to them.
Yeah, I think that's the part
that scares me most of all.
Tie! Go again...! Tie! Go
again...! Tie! Go again...!
I have a feeling the real hell
is about to begin.
[Narrator] Goku's arrival on
Namek is but moments away.
However, waiting for him
on the planet below
is an enemy unlike
any other--Frieza,
the most ruthless tyrant the
universe has ever known.
Elsewhere,
Krillin and Gohan prepare for
the fight of their lives.
Can they withstand the onslaught
of Burter, Jeice, and Recoome?
Their struggle continues,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku] Hey, it's me, Goku!
Sorry to keep you
waiting, guys.
Just hold on a few more
minutes and I'll be there.
[Krillin] This Recoome
guy is a real monster!
I don't even know if Vegeta
can stand up to him!
[Gohan] You can do it, Vegeta!
Don't let him beat you! You
show that big bully who's boss!
[Goku] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[Krillin] What is with
these Ginyu creeps?
They're totally insane!